For the Transmission light passes, it makes sense that the Transmission Direct image is completely black, as none of the objects in the scene are themselves transmitting any of the light directly. However, the glass sphere is an object that can transmit light indirectly, and so it's the only one that shows up in that image. In turn, because it's the only object capable of transmitting the light, it's also the only one that has a color tint over the light that does get transmitted in some form, so it appears as a solid white circle in this image while everything else is black.

For the Gloss light passes, only two of the objects exhibit some glossy surface or some glossy behavior, and that's both of the spheres. As such, every other object in the image will appear as black in each of these three images. In the Gloss Direct image, both spheres have an initial glossy effect due to the light source, as such, it shows those two regions in this image. Light reflects off of other surfaces, however, and as such, the spheres reflect and refract these light rays on their surfaces. Thus, in the Gloss Indirect image, both spheres show up as they do. Each object also has a slight tint on the color of the light resulting from the gloss light passes, and those are shown for each object that exhibits a glossy surface.

For the Diffuse light passes, all but the two spheres have diffuse surfaces, and so all of these objects will appear in each of these three images. In the Diffuse Color image, it shows the colors of each of the diffuse surfaces. In the Diffuse Direct image, it shows all the areas light can reach initially, and then in the Diffuse Indirect images, it shows where else light can can reach and its affect on the colors of the environment after being reflected off of different surfaces.